nothing else comes the picture of migrants
Attention sources with this ball but
for you or stopped because we have
just a player lying
of 16 minutes and this reprimand comes
is for mauricio rosemary the man in
offensive the front center of the
set of deers miguel ex and sources
of support
a little bit your team forward the
teacher is good at home like this
they started the game what the step of the
minutes matched enjoying this
match corresponding to the second by
sucked with this entrance skirt and by
course it will be yellow card yes
Mr. Padilla Ricardo Sales
I was done
go of other colors and if it seems to me that
in that eagerness to try to cover the
action is late
cabbie
the court is affecting the attention
there the offensive is missing
at least that's what Mr. Orozco says
the skirt of haring barraza on aldo
pole
I wish we have the card repeat
yellow for the claim I think if not
I think the lack accused of the
administration had to come with how
you say it is well emptied
a later claim that is not
totally over
on the warning card
seconds already in the subsidiary box of
jesus sources
Luis Padilla and Yale Barraza are the
admonished in the necaxista set
hairstyle only as rosemary version
talk does little time to go
coarse but its function
yellow and that's how I understand the recipe
what a strong entry on garcía
I leave the little arm and we finish taking a
fourth yellow card
is the admonished the senate
it is the first of the afternoon
Mauricio Romero is the first Mauricio
rosemary and the first rosemary
the bookmark ladies and gentlemen opens
so the score in the victory mauricio
rosemary waited until the end ends
defeating Victor Hernandez and so he
we put name on the robison scoreboard in
a procession this great nominees and see
how do they put this match forcing
to get tired in several at the front
strong care entrance and card
yellow
another one already in the party won it
rodrigo fried the party starts to
get warm there are some pushes
and what we said at first
Play clean, feel compels you to blame
bla but in the end the game is turned on and
Now we have a new cautioned it
it's about rodrigo fried t-shirt 9 which is
the third and necaxa and different in the
match for this entry
yes totally late gives the
warning is striking that they are
three those admonished on offense
we speak of mauricio rosemary on the part of
deers jahir barraza and now rodrigo
that these three forwards left of
julian be embedded in venezuela-
gómez was going to be luis gallegos add the
full with the collection
Necaxa Luis Felipe Galician leg
left to the band towards the bottom a
stuck to the pole poor copy me
it seems that I do not remember well the
necaxa necaxa necaxa partly ice
felipe is going to make muñoz of weapons
countryman yes sir good I hit you from
responsible way that we will be the
double flea
the service from the Miami right of
gomez by the center the header
ball that passes and now if we keep quiet
have captcha
it's called rodrigo prieto and that
good was finished taking advantage of the moment
psychic and here I have a ball
totally available to prieto this one
it does not fail beyond the easy always
here what had once been
highlighted a while ago be careful because
comes to the center of the area
final for deers
claim that the lord of rank over
Orozco was going to be a warning card
for carlos rámos
we will be reviewing here is
precisely very clear there is no
absolutely nothing
that had the only thing that we can
discuss is here we go with sealed
trees
rich in some fault give the penis
and if nothing to discuss mauricio rosemary
again from the eleven steps I went back to
cheat victor hernandez to send it
towards the bottom
but why is air coming and you will see the touch
towards the front let's see if the
combination can be good with the
shot prefer to hold on changed
but this enamel
lack by Galician
although no doubt I do not know if really
the infringement because at the end of accounts
they took the ball
is the fifth cautioned
now he is the Chilean author of it
the road finally tired me of being able
meet him and take advantage of them
deers as well the leg shot
powerful left greedy
today ma de gaulle will achieve mendoza
completion the huge thing hits you with
the whole part composes rocks with balls
of brochures